see the traffic
it's uh
this time today is actually pretty good
quite a different brush our time is
pretty heavy take anywhere 30 to 45
minutes to get the
what you call a rickshaw here full three
wheel that's what it looks like we will
almost like an ATV they just transformed
into
a little taxi vehicle here's a little
view of downtown South vampire right
there and actually building a pretty
cool bridge over there I'm just going to
connect this part of the city towards uh
close that parlor city
water to shoot this because a lot of us
have
excuse
hi Beast
this that
to get to find way to get there
number 12 hour shifts and I actually
wait 930 tonight
God
Jim to clock at night train for now and
contact bus to get my workout also
just get out
and plus it's about 9,500 30
it stuck in traffic
I'm trying to say is you want something
bad enough by the westin your way find a
way to get it done exactly but push the
hardness
the hog workouts case may be
despite wedding is done
it's that much more satisfying
and
I'll keep the camera right it's a
machine traffic is here like they're
actually didn't too busy miss your
section so check it out there's my
driver put your name the name ok
here we are
here's what trap can look like when it
gets a little bit backed up
say hi to the folks at home
okay he's being shot
here's what the sides of the streets
look like a little bit guys taking a
break from working
got it
see
it's quite busy and you could end up you
know sitting in this stuff for quite a
long time but no complaints it is what
it is you just got to take it do we want
to want to get where you're going you do
it all right everybody you've just
arrived at the gym and the price of this
trip is 58 rupees m58 Rufus is about a
little over a dollar fifty man's dick
okay normandy 658 see that trying to get
another 10 I'll give him another 10
because you know he got me here one
piece
all right well here we are horsham is
just around the corner years so
returning
alright there's a sign
there
however I turned that corner see that
side of me
time to get busy
you got the ballet gasps here are we
doing good thank you all right now I'm
going to show you something here which
upsets me sometimes
show you when talking about
see get a little elevator here the gyms
on the fourth floor take an elevator and
because of you
any you know goals in mind the chims on
the fourth floor go ahead and just walk
up to it because you know you're not
going to see any results by taking the
elevator this you've got an injury
handicapping some way take that little
extra time walk up the stairs learn a
few more galleries build a few more
ghosts muscle with your leg lower body
or it's a good warm-up for guys like me
to see I'm taking stairs this guy's
taking the elevator it is where it is
all right take care
you